Docs: add the "How to work with data - Importing data" section (#4045)
aiidateam/aiida-core: docs/source/howto/data.rst

If you have an AiiDA export archive that you would like to import, you can use the ``verdi import`` command (see :ref:`the reference section<reference:command-line:verdi-import>` for details).

.. note:: More detailed information on exporting and importing data from AiiDA databases can be found in :ref:`"How to share data"<how-to:data:share>`.

If, instead, you have existing data that are not yet part of an AiiDA export archive, such as files, folders, tabular data, arrays or any other kind of data, this how-to guide will show you how to import them into AiiDA.

To store any piece of data in AiiDA, it needs to be wrapped in a :py:class:`~aiida.orm.nodes.data.Data` node, such that it can be represented in the :ref:`provenance graph <topics:provenance>`.
There are different varieties, or subclasses, of this ``Data`` class that are suited for different types of data.
AiiDA ships with a number of built-in data types.
You can list these using the :ref:`verdi plugin<reference:command-line:verdi-plugin>` command.
Executing ``verdi plugin list aiida.data`` should display something like::

>     Registered entry points for aiida.data:

Reviewer: I'm wondering whether it is really necessary to list all data types. From a goal-oriented perspective, it may sufficient to list only a few important ones, but still mention the command.

Author: I had already included just a subset, but will reduce even further

    or by passing a filelike object:

        with open('/absolute/path/to/file.txt', 'rb') as handle:
            singlefile = SinglefileData(file=handle)

    The filename of the resulting file in the database will be based on the filename passed in the ``file`` argument.
    This default can be overridden by passing an explicit name for the ``filename`` argument to the constructor.

As you can see, the ``singlefile`` type corresponds to the :py:class:`~aiida.orm.nodes.data.singlefile.SinglefileData` class and is designed to wrap a single file that is stored on your local filesystem.
If you have such a file that you would like to store in AiiDA, you can use the ``verdi shell`` to create it:

.. code:: python

    SinglefileData = DataFactory('singlefile')
    singlefile = SinglefileData(file='/absolute/path/to/file.txt')
    singlefile.store()

The first step is to load the class that corresponds to the data type, which you do by passing the name (listed by ``verdi plugin list aiida.data``) to the :py:class:`~aiida.plugins.factories.DataFactory`.
Then we just construct an instance of that class, passing the file of interest as an argument.

> .. note:: The exact manner of constructing an instance of any particular data type is of course type dependent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: The exact manner of constructing an instance of any particular data type is type dependent.
```

    Use the ``verdi plugin list aiida.data <ENTRY_POINT>`` command to get more information for any specific type.

Note that after construction, you will get an *unstored* node.
This means that at this point your data is not yet stored in the database and you can first inspect it and optionally modify it.
If you are happy with the results, you can store the new data permanently by calling the :py:meth:`~aiida.orm.nodes.node.Node.store` method.

> Every node gets a Universal Unique Identifer (UUID) upon creation and once stored it also gets a primary key (PK), which can be retrieved through the ``node.uuid`` and ``node.pk`` properties, respectively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Every node is assigned a Universal Unique Identifer (UUID) upon creation and once stored it also assigned a primary key (PK), which can be retrieved through the ``node.uuid`` and ``node.pk`` properties, respectively.
```

You can use these identifiers to reference and or retrieve a node.

> To learn about ways to find data that you have imported, refer to :ref:`"How to find data"<how-to:data:find>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ways to find and retrieve data that have previously been imported are described in section :ref:`"How to find data"<how-to:data:find>`.
```

If none of the currently available data types, as listed by ``verdi plugin list``, seem to fit your needs, you can also create your own custom type.

> For details refer to :ref:`"How to add support for custom data types"<how-to:data:plugin>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For details refer to the next section :ref:`"How to add support for custom data types"<how-to:data:plugin>`.
```
